I had a dream that I was being constantly degraded by my mother and siblings for the clothes I was wearing. They weren't my clothes; they belonged to my sister. My sister had some friends over and they all began to take issue with my wearing them and they gave me food items I could not hold so that they would fall and ruin the clothing. Then I changed into other clothes and Mom criticized me for never being able to find clothes that looked good, and said it was a reason why I could not socialize with my peer group. They all began to ignore me but still expected that I follow them around the house. I felt very upset, but directed those feelings inward. 

Before long I was following a tour of a house that CJ and Grey Jr. had rehabbed. The work was shoddy at best, and they made jokes of it but the rest of the people in the tour had no issue with it and were putting offers on the house. I tried to walk through a doorway that was not big enough to fit through and it knocked the drywall and tile off of the frame. The tile was painted with latex paint instead of being burned to color in the kiln. Everyone was upset at me for causing a mess because the house was under contract and CJ and Grey did not want to redo anything. I have been carrying depression with me through the night. I have been taking it to bed and then waking up with it the next morning. Though I try to think positive thoughts I seem to summon it in my dreams and wake up with a feeling in the deeps of my chest. I try to push through and create lightness out of my heavy thoughts. Sometimes the depression feels more like habit than anything else. Habits built from periods of isolation in the past. I have so much grief for different versions of myself. These different versions live within in, waiting to be activated by subtle triggers. It is my duty to give them space and to find healthy ways to grieve so that I can set the sadness aside and make room for happy movement. I am determined to make the most of this life and to take my pain and transform it into my greatest strength. It is this drive that pushes me through the darkest moments and causes me to go outside on the rainiest of days. I was moving away from St. Louis and all of my things were spread out. Some were at Sean's parents house. Some were at Sarah and Zeng's house. Some were at the house I lived at. Most had already been moved to my new home in Philadelphia but I was back to get the rest. During this dream I was at a party and ran into several old punks who had become police officers. One of them was Tom, a drummer with whom I joked that real punks always show their license and registration. He had said he got the job because he had a kid and needed the money. I also saw Ashley, with whom I spoke about moving. For some reason I told her I was moving to Chattanooga even though that was not the case. I continued walking around this party at my dream until it became time to start packing. But I quickly realized I did not have enough room in my car to take everything. I had gotten a ride from Sarah and Nina back to the house where my stuff was to figure it out. The night before Nina had kept crawling into bed with me and turning on the TV or stereo, and jumping up and down. Eventually I told her I had to go to sleep and to leave the TV off and she went away. Before I knew it I was getting my things ready but I just decided to leave it all behind. The next thing I knew I was in a car driving through the winding roads of a heavily wooded mountain. Someone else was driving. It may have been my older brother at one point, but the person kept changing. At first it seemed like a self-driving car because we were both in the back seat, but the driver was making decisions. We stopped at a strip mall for a break and the ground kept tilting like a slow moving earthquake. We wanted to continue driving but there was a forest fire so we got a hotel room. In the hotel room I was all of a sudden with Larva and we were watching TV while engaging in a sex act. Over time we both turned into spiders that were making out on a fire escape, until it became time for her to go into a nightclub below us and perform as part of a comedy act.  The last segment of this dream started with me driving through my hometown of Fairview Heights and cutting through the church and school. For some reason I saw a bicycle that was abandoned in the middle of the road and I picked it up, even though I knew this would make it seem like I had kidnapped the owner of this bike. I took it my childhood home and already could hear people making phone calls all around me, looking for the owner the bicycle who was a little girl. The news media was even picking up on the story. The young girl was not present but I did have her bike. I put the bike in the corner of the garage, behind another bike, thinking this would hide it. Everybody was blaming me for kidnapping the girl and shortly the girls mother came by to look for her or the bike. I was nonchalantly making breakfast in the microwave. I was constantly checking to make sure the eggs were cooked all the way through while my father was talking to the girls mom, helping her check the house for the girl and\or the bicycle. The girl's mom even checked the garage but there was no bike to be found at that point. I'm not sure what happened to the bike or the girl, but I did eventually eat my breakfast in the family room where the chess table used to be.

In another part of the dream, I was at a large rural property with several buildings that were open to the environments. They were missing a large exterior wall and so they had the appearances of being a large shed. A lot of people were there and it seemed like a celebration of some kind, like a Fourth of July or Memorial Day celebration. I was walking from table to table looking for food and listening to interactions but not really engaging with anyone. Eventually I wandered into a barn where Garth from Wayne's World was setting up a television and watching cartoons. I was able to mod the TV to play videos from our phones, but some people found the Simpsons on another TV and began to watch that. Eventually a few rugby teams started to gather around and play a game where they threw a ball high up into the air and then they put on certain masks based on who caught the ball. There were white masks and camouflage masks, and it was clear that they were dividing up into teams. I did not want to play the game with them but I watched curiously. We all got into a minivan at one point and drove off to an open field with sound sculptures and bouncy castles. Everyone had the same adidas shoes and I couldn't find mine, but I looked around profusely. I did not enjoy this dream. There was a movie theater where I was taking Nina. The top of the theater was actually really cool. It was a bedroom of sorts, muddy on the ground as if it were outdoors, but with a window and curtains, and a couch made out of the mud. The theater was of an exaggerated shape. It fanned out at the bottom with very high ceilings. There was one set of headphones and you could listen to the movie or to music. For some reason the movie kept starting over. I had to keep going back down to get a new ticket. Things would always be chaotic when I would return. There would be people abusing each other, making sex acts, or throwing their sodas around. I had to give Nina the headphones so she would experience the movie at the right level, and I remember being very concerned about that. She was more concerned with playing. She appeared as a four-year-old in this dream.  There was a company that my family worked at. The building that housed the company changed over the course of the dream. At first it was a bowling alley, then it was a giant apartment complex, and finally it was a skyscraper. I was driving around Belleville with my brothers, and we were looking for magic mushrooms. We found some in a vial, which were oddly located near a checkout lane in a supermarket. CJ had taken his and was running around the city. I had lost mine. There were some moments where the environment changed to a treehouse. In this part of the dream I was floating around, going from room to room, looking for the mushrooms. The treehouse was not a normal treehouse, but a giant tree with the "house" part of it inside the trunk. At some point during the dream, my older brother joined the police force. Then there were police everywhere, which made me upset. I protested to my mother who got very upset at me about began to defend the police rigorously. Brice was getting along with the police and I was worried about losing my relationship with him. At some point the company turned into the flower shop from Saint Louis. My brother turned into Nina. There was an older man who was married to one of the women at the shop. That older man was pushing his way into ownership of the company but was also caught abusing a child at the shop. I tried to confront him but it got very murky and muddled down in family politics. Before I knew it everybody was over that incident and that is when the company turned into an apartment complex management firm. I watched maintenance men coming and going and had identified which of them I felt comfortable around and which of them I should avoid. At some point I was outside and a woman was smoking on her apartment balcony, talking in a low voice to a woman on the street. The woman walked through the air down to the street level to continue her conversation, which shocked me. My mom picked me up and started driving me around the city, asking if I had seen this school or that school, and she would get upset when I said no. The next thing I knew I was in a skyscraper, riding an advertising banner through an atrium as if it were an elevator. The banner rose from the lobby level up to the top floor. Once I got to the top floor I went back to the bottom floor to take the elevator instead. The inside of the elevator was mirrored and there was an apparition of a seating chair. I went to sit in it and fell, because it was a reflection without a form. I was in a mall. There was an amorphous blob that grew until it coated everything. Everything that was covered in the blob became intelligent and some objects came to life. There was a ruling class. The leader of the ruling class was able to control the blob, tell it where to grow, and command the creatures. The leader told the biggest creature to commit suicide. The creature did but there was a loophole, an error in what the leader said. It did not kill off the creature entirely, it severed the blob into smaller blobs and one of them grew to be even bigger. It led a revolt that was instantly tamped down. There was a guard tower made out of the blob that was teeming with energy. This part of the dream ended inside that tower. 

Another dream then followed. I was in an apartment and was going through Bob's photos. I got a call from Bob's doctor and learned he had cancer. I called him to tell him, and I had to convince him to take care of himself and use a catheter. He was immediately opposed. He had a friend move to St. Louis to take care of him. I was constantly on the phone going back and forth with him until he and his friend came over. While we were discussing it at my apartment, a group of mafia men came in and kidnapped Bob. They held the whole group of us hostage at gunpoint. They moved us into the back of a truck and took us to a tower. The group of people I was with grew to include my dad, Jack, Mat, and Brice. They took us to the top of this tower and were going to throw us down a long tube that cut people in half and dumped them onto concrete hundreds of feet below. All of a sudden a hypnotherapist that I saw once in real life showed up and convinced the kidnappers to put themselves down the tube. After, the hypnotherapist started to put herself down the tube but stopped. She was only kidding. Bob did the same thing. But then Dad put himself into the tube and said he was going to let himself go down. He did and it was clear that he was dead. Back at my apartment I was telling people Dad had died. I was also telling people Bob died, even though he had just been saved. I was worried about how to complete school exams with the weight of this grief. I called my high school psychology teacher. The mafia came by and I thought they wanted revenge, but it turns out they just wanted money so they robbed the vending machine. Then we all started to walk along the street and we were getting phone calls that the tube that cut people in half was moving around and selecting people to pull through it. We had learned Mat was playing a show with Rum Drum Ramblers and was pulled down the tube at the end of the show. We were all in shock. My grade school P.E. teacher was there all of a sudden and was telling me how I shot a hockey puck at someone's face when I was in grade school.  